Added additional information to Comparison List page (#1674)
magento/merchdocs: src/marketing/product-compare.md

## Compare products on the storefront

There are a few ways navigate to comparison list on the storefront.

> From the catalog pages:

Reviewer: Let's make theses subhead so that they are displayed in the page nav on the right

```suggestion
### From catalog pages
```

    ![Example storefront - compare products]({% link marketing/assets/storefront-compare-products.png %}){: .zoom}
    _Compare Products_

> From the notification message after product was added to comparison list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## From a notification message

After a customer adds a product to a comparison list, the page displays a notification message.
```

1. The customer finds the products that they want to compare and clicks the **Add to Compare** link for each.

> 1. In the appeared top message notification, clicks _comparison list_ link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the displayed top message notification, clicks the _comparison list_ link.
```

   ![Compare Products Notification]({% link catalog/assets/notification-comparison-list.png %}){: .zoom}

>    _Compare Products Notification_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   _Compare Products notification_
```

> Customer is redirected to comparison list and can do additional actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action redirects the customer to the comparison list where they can access additional actions.
```

> From the **Compare Products** block in the header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### From the Compare Products block
```

1. The customer finds the products that they want to compare and clicks the **Add to Compare** link for each.

> 1. In the header, near the search field clicks _Compare Products_ link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the header near the search field, clicks the _Compare Products_ link.
```

>    ![Compare Products Header]({% link catalog/assets/compare-products-header.png %}){: .zoom}
>    _Compare Products Header_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Compare Products Header]({% link catalog/assets/compare-products-header.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Compare Products header_
```

> From the **My Account** dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### From the My Account dashboard
```

> 1. The customer adds needed products into comparison list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The customer adds needed products to the comparison list.
```

1. Navigates to **My Account**.

> 1. Finds **Compare Products** block and clicks <span class="btn">Compare</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the _Compare Products_ block, clicks <span class="btn">Compare</span>.
```

>    ![Customer's Account Dashboard Compare Products Block]({% link customers/assets/my-account-compare-block.png %}){: .zoom}
>    _Customer's Account Dashboard Compare Products Block_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Compare Products block in customer account dashboard]({% link customers/assets/my-account-compare-block.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Customer account dashboard - Compare Products block_
```

> ## Additional actions in comparison list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional comparison list actions
```

> (![Delete icon]({% link assets/icon-delete-x.png %})) - deletes a single item from comparison list.
> 
> <span class="btn">Add to Cart</span> - adds product into shopping cart.
> If the product has any configurations, customer redirects to product page, selects configurable options, and then clicks <span class="btn">Add to Cart</span>.
> 
> _Wishlist icon_ - adds product into wishlist, in case the wishlist functionality is enabled in configurations.
> 
> _Print This Page_ - prints comparison list page.

Reviewer: We usually do a table for these items

```suggestion
(![Delete icon]({% link assets/icon-delete-x.png %})) | Deletes a single item from comparison list.
<span class="btn">Add to Cart</span> | Adds product into shopping cart. If the product has any configurations, the page redirects the customer to the product page where they select the configurable options and then click <span class="btn">Add to Cart</span>.
_Wishlist icon_ | Adds product into wishlist, in case the wishlist functionality is enabled in configurations.
_Print This Page_ | Prints comparison list page.
```
